README.md, before:

# lego_robot

## Enable web Bluetooth on chrome

 1. Go to "chrome://flags/" 
 2. enable "Experimental Web Platform features"
 3. restart chrome
 4. Use beta.pybricks.com to edit and upload the hub program

## Install packages
```
conda create --name lego python=3.8
conda activate lego
pip install pybricksdev --pre
pip3 install torch torchvision torchaudio
pip3 install tensordict
pip3 install torchrl
pip3 install hydra-core
pip install wandb
```

## Client 
Update your client script on the [PyBricks Hub](https://beta.pybricks.com/) whenever you want to run a new environment


## Helpers:
We created a [PyBricks GPT](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-YZYA1j4yF-pybrics-lego-doc) which is an expert on the PyBricks documentation and can help you with coding and debugging client code for the PyBricks Hub.


# TODO:

- Milestone Cleanup []
    - cleanup base environment
        - addons? balance?
        - runaway-v0 as it currently is [X]
        - runaway-v1 with independent wheel control [X]
            - might play around with reward function to stand still when max dist reached
            - if reward done well could be maybe applied to a labyrinth ?
    - fix disconnect / reconnect error [X]


- Milestone CatRobot
    - integrate CatRobot environment
    - create CatRobot Env [X]
    - create CatRobot offlline datasets []
    - other ideas but walking max distance? [ ]


- Milestone Offline Datasets [ ]
    - collect dataset for wall-distance/run away [ ]
    - create datasets that can be loaded for torchrl offline datasets [ ]
    - do offline training for run-away robot []
        - create script for offline training and evaluation [ ]


- Milestone RoboArm 
    - integrate RoboArm environment [ ]
    - Possible task? 
        - reach some point e.g. ReachingEnv
        - Grab cube 
        - more ? 
    - Create offline dataset

Commit message:

update README with Pybricks examples link

README.md, after:

# lego_robot

## Enable web Bluetooth on chrome

 1. Go to "chrome://flags/" 
 2. enable "Experimental Web Platform features"
 3. restart chrome
 4. Use beta.pybricks.com to edit and upload the hub program

## Install packages
```
conda create --name lego python=3.8
conda activate lego
pip install pybricksdev --pre
pip3 install torch torchvision torchaudio
pip3 install tensordict
pip3 install torchrl
pip3 install hydra-core
pip install wandb
```

## Client 
Update your client script on the [PyBricks Hub](https://beta.pybricks.com/) whenever you want to run a new environment


## Helpers:
We created a [PyBricks GPT](https://chat.openai.com/g/g-YZYA1j4yF-pybrics-lego-doc) which is an expert on the PyBricks documentation and can help you with coding and debugging client code for the PyBricks Hub.


# Additional Info
Code examples from PyBricks. Might be interesting as expert policies for offline RL. [GitHub Pybricks examples](https://github.com/pybricks/pybricks-projects/blob/master/sets/mindstorms-robot-inventor/main-models/gelo/gelo_basic.py)

# TODO:

- Milestone Cleanup []
    - cleanup base environment
        - addons? balance?
        - runaway-v0 as it currently is [X]
        - runaway-v1 with independent wheel control [X]
            - might play around with reward function to stand still when max dist reached
            - if reward done well could be maybe applied to a labyrinth ?
    - fix disconnect / reconnect error [X]


- Milestone CatRobot
    - integrate CatRobot environment
    - create CatRobot Env [X]
    - create CatRobot offlline datasets []
    - other ideas but walking max distance? [ ]


- Milestone Offline Datasets [ ]
    - collect dataset for wall-distance/run away [ ]
    - create datasets that can be loaded for torchrl offline datasets [ ]
    - do offline training for run-away robot []
        - create script for offline training and evaluation [ ]


- Milestone RoboArm 
    - integrate RoboArm environment [ ]
    - Possible task? 
        - reach some point e.g. ReachingEnv
        - Grab cube 
        - more ? 
    - Create offline dataset
